Fix doc issues of Multi Attribute Login (#2757)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/learn/multi-attribute-login.md

## Configuring WSO2 IS for Multi Attribute Login

> 1.  Start the Identity Server and log in to the [Management Console](https://<IS_HOST>:<PORT>/carbon) using your 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Log in to the [WSO2 Identity Server Management Console](`https://<IS_HOST>:<PORT>/carbon`) using your 
```

    tenant credentials.

    !!! info
        'admin' is the default administrative user in WSO2 Identity Server.
   
    !!! info
        If you use multiple tenant domains, you need to configure the multi attribute login tenant-wise.

> 2.  Click **Main** > **Identity Providers** > **Resident**  and expand the **Account Management** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Click **Main** > **Identity Providers** > **Resident** and expand the **Account Management** section.
```

3.  Expand **Multi Attribute Login** and select **Enable Multi Attribute Login**.

> 4.  Then add claim URIs which allow for multi-attribute login in the given text box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  Add claim URIs which allow for multi-attribute login in the given text box.
```

    ![adding-claims-for-multi-attribute-login](../assets/img/learn/multi-attribute-login/adding-claims-for-multi-attribute-login.png)

5. Add Regular Expression for Allowed Claims.

    Once you have configured WSO2 Identity Server for multi attribute login, you need to provide regular expression 

>     for multi attribute allowed claims.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    for the allowed claims.
```

>     Some claims already have a default regex, if not you need to provide it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Some claims have a default regex. If they don't, you need to provide it.
```

>     1.  Open Management Console and in the **Main** menu, click **List** under **Claims**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1.  Open the WSO2 Identity Server Management Console. 
    2.  In the **Main** menu, click **List** under **Claims**.
```

>     2.  Select the claim you want to provide the regular expression and click **Edit**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2.  Select the claim you want to provide the regular expression for and click **Edit**.
```

    3.  Enter the regex pattern under the **Regular Expression** field.

>     4.  Click **Update** button to save the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4.  Click **Update** to save the changes.
```

6. Password recovery flow

!!! Note "What happens if two users use the same value for the same claim?"
    If two users use the same value for the same claim, the multi attribute login feature
    does not support those claims for those users. Retaining the uniqueness of claim values avoids this conflict.

!!! info "Related Topics"

>     See the [Configuring Uniqueness of Claims](../../learn/configuring-uniqueness-of-claims) topic for information on configuring uniqueness of claims.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See the [Configuring Uniqueness of Claims](../../learn/configuring-uniqueness-of-claims) topic for more information.
```
